README.md, before:

# Inversity Learner Guidebot
 Repo for submission to Inversity Learner 1.0

# Flask framework built off of existing projects, Bellingcat Challenge submission was used as a start template

Summary: This project is the technical side of the submission for the Inversity Learner 1.0 challenge. It functions as a web app built using Flask, where users can input the submission so far, and using AI there is a quick check to help the user determine if it as at a respectable standard for submission. Currently ChatGPT API can't read video files, so it is just the GitHub repo that is used to form a judgement.

app.py - this is the main file used for the application, it contains all of the flask routes - important ones are /git which is where GitHub repo is to be uploaded and /results which is where ChatGPT results are run

functions.py - this is where all functions have been abstracted to (except ChatGPT API function)

functions_GPT.py - this is where the ChatGPT function is stored

generic.txt - this is a txt file for testing reader function

mark_scheme.txt - this is the mark scheme from Inversity
Mark scheme from here: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1hH1TDBqSC8UYfQsqDrkeexi5l9EdtNnRkdJknYAfZHQ/edit?pli=1&gid=294982527#gid=294982527

requirements.txt - requirements file

test_functions.py - this is a testing file for functions in functions.py to be utilised with Pytest

test_github_api.py - this is a file just to use for running a test of pulling github repos together into one variable

/templates - this folder contains the page templates for flask

/static - this contains static styling data, primarily Inversity favicon and logo and the site CSS (site uses Bootstrap by default)

NOTES: The app seems to work fine when run locally, but deployment to Render seems to create issues with the API call to GitHub. Due to time constraints I've not been able to resolve this (deployment here: https://inversity-learner-guidebot.onrender.com/).

Commit message:

README updated
Note on GitHub API call now working in Render

README.md, after:

# Inversity Learner Guidebot
 Repo for submission to Inversity Learner 1.0

# Flask framework built off of existing projects, Bellingcat Challenge submission was used as a start template

Summary: This project is the technical side of the submission for the Inversity Learner 1.0 challenge. It functions as a web app built using Flask, where users can input the submission so far, and using AI there is a quick check to help the user determine if it as at a respectable standard for submission. Currently ChatGPT API can't read video files, so it is just the GitHub repo that is used to form a judgement.

app.py - this is the main file used for the application, it contains all of the flask routes - important ones are /git which is where GitHub repo is to be uploaded and /results which is where ChatGPT results are run

functions.py - this is where all functions have been abstracted to (except ChatGPT API function)

functions_GPT.py - this is where the ChatGPT function is stored

generic.txt - this is a txt file for testing reader function

mark_scheme.txt - this is the mark scheme from Inversity
Mark scheme from here: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1hH1TDBqSC8UYfQsqDrkeexi5l9EdtNnRkdJknYAfZHQ/edit?pli=1&gid=294982527#gid=294982527

requirements.txt - requirements file

test_functions.py - this is a testing file for functions in functions.py to be utilised with Pytest

test_github_api.py - this is a file just to use for running a test of pulling github repos together into one variable

/templates - this folder contains the page templates for flask

/static - this contains static styling data, primarily Inversity favicon and logo and the site CSS (site uses Bootstrap by default)

NOTES: The deployment to Render necessitated creating a GitHub read-only token on User repos (deployment here: https://inversity-learner-guidebot.onrender.com/). Locally, the token wasn't needed but once on render it rate limits all API calls from render without a token, hence the code was updated to reflect this.
